talks in Qatar around renewing the
ceasefire between Israel and Hamas have
stalled Israel's prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has ordered his negotiators to
return home Hamas which has been
designated a terrorist organization by
multiple countries has told the media it
will not release more hostages until all
Palestinian prisoners held by Israel are
released Israel stepping up air strikes
on Southern Gaza where it told
Palestinian civilians to flee to during
the first phase of the war
the truce is over and the bombardments
have
resumed despite international calls for
a renewed ceasefire Israeli forces are
pushing ahead with their mission to
destroy
Hamas Israel says these air strikes were
targeted at Hamas underground
infrastructure a command center and a
military
compound but the UN has warned of a
catastrophic humanitarian situation
ation in Gaza with hospitals once again
struggling to cope a lasting ceasefire
must be implemented the alternative is
Unthinkable for people who are as a
Palestinian said to me already living in
a nightmare in action at its core is an
approval of the killing of children but
here we are the bomb started just a few
seconds after the
ceasefire according to gaza's Hamas run
Health Ministry casualty among
Palestinians have mounted since the end
of the truce the UN health agency says
less than half of gaza's hospitals are
even partially functional and the bed
capacity is just a fraction of what is
needed around 80% of gazans are now
displaced the UN says and at the moment
there's no sign of the truce
restarting our correspondent Rebecca
rers joins us from Tel Aviv welcome
Rebecca uh let's start with that with
withrawal of Israeli negotiators from
Qatar what's going
on yeah well hopes uh that this truth
this temporary ceasefire might be able
to be resumed quickly were dashed when
the Israeli Prime Minister's office
actually withdrew the Mossa the Israeli
intelligence agency negotiators who were
in Doha to speak with Qatari and
Egyptian officials and we know that
Qatar and Egypt have played a very big
role in the negotiations particularly
with this latest
a
large the negotiations that they played
a really big role that the Israeli Prime
Minister's office did pull those Israeli
negotiators back so those H hopes now
dash but of course these talks have and
down throughout uh the last eight or so
weeks so there is of course still hope
that they may be able to begin again but
for the moment looks like a resumption
of the ceasefire of the truth uh won't
go ahead with the Israelis saying that
Hamas didn't uh stand by the agreement
that they didn't release all the women
and children that they said they were
going to of course that uh ceasefire uh
came to an end rather abruptly both
sides blaming the other for the end of
that ceasefire but of course still hope
remains and certainly where I'm standing
here tonight pH hope remains among
the remaining hostages well as all the
people that have come out
here uh for those people and the
hostages still in Gaza that those talks
will soon resume and and those people
behind you Rebecca that that was a
protest I understand uh demanding the
release of more hostages is there much
public pressure for another truce to
allow more hostages to be
freed well there's certainly a lot of
public pressure to uh they for the for
the rest the remaining hostages to be
released that's exactly what the people
hear behind me and there are many
thousands of people here tonight Phil uh
the main event is now coming to an end
we're slowly starting to see people
dissipate it's it was very uh it was a
pretty big pretty big event this evening
and people here really calling for those
hostages to be released now whether or
not they want another temporary truce or
a temporary ceasefire really depends on
who you speak to I certainly spoke to
people tonight who said that you know
war is not the answer that we call for a
political solution to this situation
that we want desperately these people to
come home to be brought back to Israel
but that the continuation of the the
ground operation and the bombing uh
isn't the way to go but that isn't the
majority opinion I would say certainly
more people I spoke to this evening and
certainly uh what we see in media and we
speak to people across the country
there's a lot of support for both the
ground operation and the bombardment uh
of the Gaza Strip among Israelis uh I
would say that the majority of people
support the aims of completely uh
demolishing Hamas that is what Israel is
say that they're trying trying to
achieve to make sure that Hamas is no
longer uh an entity that is able to
cause Terror or cause Havoc uh within
Israel and that's certainly something
that the majority of Israelis support
and many of the people that I spoke to
here tonight they say that in the
beginning uh they were calling for a
ceasefire that they wanted a ceasefire
to allow uh of course for the hostages
to come out and they didn't necessarily
agree with a ground operation but that
their opinions have changed that they
said that the call for calls for ceas
didn't produce any results what produced
results and what produced the hostage
releases was in fact the continued
bombardment and the ground operation hey
thanks for that Rebecca Rebecca rits in
Tel
Aviv the truth is over the fighting has
already resumed and hope for many in
Gaza is
gone there's nothing left to fear our
houses are gone our property is gone our
money is gone sons have been martyred
some died and some left disabled in the
hospital what's left to cry for and then
they tell us we'll get Aid where is
it the war has seen entire Palestinian
families wiped out many have been
displaced multiple times like those in
this makeshift camp near a hospital and
conun they say no place is safe with
Israeli bombs dropping everywhere so
some are ignoring Israel's calls for
them to move further south and they're
staying
put in the first shelling they told us
to evacuate to the South because it's
safe now they tell us to go further
south this is
nonsense we're not going anywhere we'll
remain here and they can do whatever
they
please Israel says it has struck 400
Hamas Targets in 24 hours including what
it says were a command center and
military compound but it denies claims
that there are no safe places to
evacuate to in
Gaza we've
shared uh these areas with the
international uh Community with the UN
with other humanitarian organizations
cuz we we urge that in those temporary
safer zones that there be a maximum
effort to supply to the people who have
relocated there with uh uh uh food with
shelter with medicine with u field
hospitals and so forth the UN is warning
of a catastrophic humanitarian situation
without a ceasefire hospitals are again
struggling to cope less than half are
even partially functional but at the
moment there is no sign of the truce
restarting as Israel has pulled its
negotiator out of the Qatar ceire
talks so how are people in Gaza trying
to keep safe I asked hajan Bela who's a
journalist in Jordan who used to report
from Gaza and is in touch with many on
the Strip that's the big problem and the
Bigg question for the Ordinary People in
Gaza the civilians they were asked to
evacuate east of un to the west or to
the RAF city um some of the people in
Gaza in jabalia or in shijia were asked
to uh uh to um to move to other places
in the city but U there were air strikes
in different places like in kanun in
East ofun and they were moved to the
city of kanun in the west and today
there were intense intense air strikes
all the day in the west part of ofun in
RAF there was um a lot of air strikes as
well so people all all the time
wondering where to go like just moments
ago I was chatting with a friend who's
from and he was asking me where should I
go if there is a a safe place or less
dangerous place that I should go I said
like I don't know I mean you should I
don't know if if there is a safe place
and this is what the people asking about
all the time and so what sort of
warnings are people in Gaza getting from
the Israeli
military actually the Israeli military
is using different platforms whether
they are uh sharing these informations
on social media platforms which is very
limited access to the people because the
internet is very limited in Gaza it's PE
it's sorry it's poor uh uh network
connection and limited people are able
to access to the internet um other tool
is like they are calling people with
recorded messages sometimes it's not
going through um some people hear it and
they drop leaflets uh on different areas
um but the people hear about it from
here and there and a lot of rumors
sometimes are spreading um there was a
map was shared Yesterday by Israeli Army
online I mean how defi the the the the
the the areas of Gaza stb to different
blocks or different um um uh zones um
but it's not easy for the people to
understand where to go or how to go
that's journalist ha baloa speaking to
me
earlier